Oops! Adds & modifies README.md files for the Ruby Config demo (#420)
zeroc-ice/ice-demos: ruby/Ice/config/README.md

# Config

> The Config demo shows off how to use a config file to create a client proxy.

Reviewer: We should use the wording from the MATLAB demo. 

```suggestion
This demo shows how to configure a client application using an Ice configuration file.
```
